Fix incorrect fluxes and uncertainties returned by FluxConservingResampler, increase computation speed (#1060)
astropy/specutils: CHANGES.rst

Bug Fixes
^^^^^^^^^

> - Reimplementation of FluxConservingResampler to fix incorrect flux and
>   uncertainties and increase speed. [#1060]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reimplementation of FluxConservingResampler. It is now faster and yields more accurate results. [#1060]
```
Rewording this to be more "user facing" - i.e., it tells what you get from this PR.
